---
description: Results of the 2025 4tran Survey (Page 2)
image: https://desiresaregrey.com/assets/survey2025/thumb.png
---
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/apexcharts"></script>
<script src="../4transurvey2025.js?3"></script>
<!-- js is gonna make me 41 :( -->

# The 2025 4tran Survey
<h6 style="margin: 0 0.2rem">Page 2</h6>

<div class="nav-links">
  <a href="/4transurvey2025/">Page 1</a> - 
  <a href="/4transurvey2025/2" class="active">Page 2</a> - 
  <a href="/4transurvey2025/3">Page 3</a> - 
  <a href="/4transurvey2025/4">Page 4</a> - 
  <!--<a href="/4transurvey2025/amekyras">Amekyras</a> -  -->
  <a href="/4transurvey2025/jealouscat">Jealous Cat</a> - 
  <a href="/4transurvey2025/ratgirltwink">Ratgirltwink</a>
</div>

Unfortunately this has to be separated into multiple pages because apparently mobile can't handle the amount of interactive charts even though desktop handles it fine...

## Transition

### HRT

I guess theres a lot of pre T trans men on here. Could be due to how getting estrogen is a bit easier (both diy and officially), and also due to how the trans male population skews younger (as we saw earlier).

<div id="onhrt-chart"></div>
<script>
    createRatioBarChart("onhrt-chart", "hrt_nocis.json", "On HRT", undefined, [], ["#7B61FF", "#00E0B8"], 225);
</script>

Trans men have been on hrt for a bit less time than women seemingly. For the box plot I removed outliers which is why the maximum only goes to 6.

<div class="chart-set">
  <input id="hrt-time-a" class="vh" type="radio" name="view-hrt-time" checked>
  <input id="hrt-time-b" class="vh" type="radio" name="view-hrt-time">
  
  <div class="chart-stack" style="min-height: 300px;">
    <div id="hrt-time-pop-pyramid" class="chart-layer layer-a"></div>
    <div id="hrt-time-box-plot" class="chart-layer layer-b no-yline"></div>
  </div>
  <script>
    createPopPyramidChart("hrt-time-pop-pyramid", "hrt_time_pop_pyramid.json", "Time on HRT", "Population Pyramid", 30, 300);
    createBoxPlot("hrt-time-box-plot", "hrt_time_boxplot.json", "Time on HRT", "Box Plot", false, 300);
  </script>
  <div class="toggle">
    <label for="hrt-time-a" class="noselect">Population Pyramid</label>
    <label for="hrt-time-b" class="noselect">Box Plot</label>
  </div>
</div>

### Surgery

Proportionally, double the trans men have had surgery compared to trans women.

<div id="hassurgery-chart"></div>
<script>
    createRatioBarChart("hassurgery-chart", "surgery_nocis.json", "Has Had Surgery", undefined, [], ["#7B61FF", "#00E0B8"], 225);
</script>

Top surgery being by far the most common is pretty expected. It did surprise me that there are overall more trans men (66) who have had top surgery than there are trans women (60) who have had ffs, considering the fact that theres 3x more trans women than trans men in total. The second most common surgery for trans women is orchictomy, which is more common than both options of vaginoplasty combined. I should've probably added more surgeries/procedures into the list, like hair transplant but oh well. Maybe in a part 2.

<div id="surgeries-chart"></div>
<script>
    createRatioBarChart("surgeries-chart", "surgeries_nocis.json", "Surgeries", undefined, [], ["#2983FF", "#EA3546", "#4caf50", "#FEB019", "#FF9800", "#449DD1", "#43BCCD", "#00E396", "#7D02EB", "#775DD0", "#546E7A", "#2E294E"], 300);
</script>

### Coming Out

Almost 60% of trans men have come out compared to the 48% of trans women who have come out. I'm not sure why tbh, I was kinda cringe and came out before hrt and it sucked, so I get why people would want to avoid that.

<div id="came-out-chart"></div>
<script>
    createRatioBarChart("came-out-chart", "came_out_nocis.json", "Came Out", undefined, [], ["#7B61FF", "#00E0B8"], 225);
</script>

Despite generally being on hrt for less time, trans men have been out for much longer than trans women. The median for trans women is about 2 years while for trans men its 4 years, which is double the time.

<div class="chart-set">
  <input id="came-out-time-a" class="vh" type="radio" name="came-out-time" checked>
  <input id="came-out-time-b" class="vh" type="radio" name="came-out-time">
  
  <div class="chart-stack" style="min-height: 350px;">
    <div id="came-out-time-pop-pyramid" class="chart-layer layer-a"></div>
    <div id="came-out-time-box-plot" class="chart-layer layer-b no-yline"></div>
  </div>
  <script>
    createPopPyramidChart("came-out-time-pop-pyramid", "years_came_out_pop_pyramid.json", "Time Since Coming Out", "Population Pyramid", 30, 350);
    createBoxPlot("came-out-time-box-plot", "years_came_out_boxplot.json", "Time Since Coming Out", "Box Plot", false, 350);
  </script>
  <div class="toggle">
    <label for="came-out-time-a" class="noselect">Population Pyramid</label>
    <label for="came-out-time-b" class="noselect">Box Plot</label>
  </div>
</div>

Trans men take the lead here once again, but not by as much. Nonbinary people are in last place now might be because being nonbinary is more "recent" of a thing than being binary trans (I know it's not something new but the rise in nb people has been more recent than it has been for binary trans people).

<div class="chart-set">
  <input id="realizing-time-a" class="vh" type="radio" name="realizing-time" checked>
  <input id="realizing-time-b" class="vh" type="radio" name="realizing-time">
  
  <div class="chart-stack" style="min-height: 350px;">
    <div id="realizing-time-pop-pyramid" class="chart-layer layer-a"></div>
    <div id="realizing-time-box-plot" class="chart-layer layer-b no-yline"></div>
  </div>
  <script>
    createPopPyramidChart("realizing-time-pop-pyramid", "years_realized_pop_pyramid.json", "Time Since Realizing", "Population Pyramid", 30, 350);
    createBoxPlot("realizing-time-box-plot", "years_realized_boxplot.json", "Time Since Realizing", "Box Plot", false, 350);
  </script>
  <div class="toggle">
    <label for="realizing-time-a" class="noselect">Population Pyramid</label>
    <label for="realizing-time-b" class="noselect">Box Plot</label>
  </div>
</div>

### Passing

We all knew what these numbers would be like, trans men generally pass better and easier than trans women. I would've said maybe I'm just biased cause I'm a trans woman and so I know how hard it is to pass/etc as a trans woman while trans men seem to get it easier, and now I can say that I have definitive proof of this being true. The fact that trans men have generally been on hrt for not as much time as trans women also makes this statistic feel even worse for us women. Voice is also a massive aspect of passing (contrary to what some people may say), so the fact that T changes voice adds a lot here when it comes to passing.

<div id="passing-level-chart"></div>
<script>
    createRatioBarChart("passing-level-chart", "passing_level_reversed_nocis.json", "Current Passing Level", undefined, [], ["#333f44", "#2E294E", "#5653FE", "#8210e6", "#A300D6"], 225);
</script>

This is mostly just the same idea as above, with trans men being more likely to pass better than trans women even after more time on HRT. I'm not sure what passing as an NB person means but I decided to include there responses anyway. My guess is that a chunk of nonbinary people are enbycopers since they do not believe they can pass, but I could be wrong and feel free to tell me if you disagree.

<div id="future-passing-level-chart"></div>
<script>
    createRatioBarChart("future-passing-level-chart", "future_passing_level_reversed_nocis.json", "Future Passing Level", undefined, [], ["#333f44", "#2E294E", "#5653FE", "#7D02EB", "#A300D6"], 225);
</script>

<h3>Passing by Subreddit</h3>

I was curious if there was a difference in passing levels between the subreddits, just for fun. The ultranewfriend subreddit (r/4Tranistan) has the highest ratio of nonpassoids (including gigahons/gigapoons), which is expected since most newfriends haven't been on hrt. What stands out to me is that 4tography is in second place followed by 4trancooking. Even more interesting is the difference between r/troonselfies and r/4tranSelfieTrain, where the more newfriend selfie sub is even worse off than r/4tran4 while the oldfag selfie sub has the highest ratio of passoids out of all the subreddits.

<div class="chart-set">
  <input id="subreddit-passing-a" class="vh" type="radio" name="subreddit-passing" checked>
  <input id="subreddit-passing-b" class="vh" type="radio" name="subreddit-passing">

  <div class="chart-stack" style="min-height: 450px;">
    <div id="subreddit-passing-ratio" class="chart-layer layer-a"></div>
    <div id="subreddit-passing-box-plot" class="chart-layer layer-b no-yline"></div>
  </div>
  <script>
    createRatioBarChart("subreddit-passing-ratio", "used_subreddit_passing.json", "Current Passing Level", "By Used Subreddits", [], ["#333f44", "#2E294E", "#5653FE", "#7D02EB", "#A300D6"], 450);
    createBoxPlot("subreddit-passing-box-plot", "used_subreddit_passing_boxplot.json", "Current Passing Level", "By Used Subreddits", false, 450);
  </script>
  <div class="toggle">
    <label for="subreddit-passing-a" class="noselect">Ratio</label>
    <label for="subreddit-passing-b" class="noselect">Box Plot</label>
  </div>
</div>

Over 50% of trans men are at least mostly stealth compared to only about 30% of trans women. This is somewhat odd as only about 30% of trans men are passoids according to above, so I guess its possible to be a semipassoid and mostly stealth. When I asked on [4tran4](https://www.reddit.com/r/4tran4/comments/1o1g0lt/can_anyone_guess_what_percentage_of_trans_men_vs/){ target="_blank" }, most people guessed were guessing under 10% for both genders, which I thought was interesting considering how far off that was.

<div id="stealth-chart"></div>
<script>
    createRatioBarChart("stealth-chart", "stealth_nocis.json", "Stealth", undefined, [], ["#8210e6", "#2E294E", "#333f44"], 225);
</script>

### Parental Acceptance

I wasn't sure the best way to show this, so I have both a column chart and a box plot. You can see that by far the most common answer is 0 (totally unaccepting) unfortunately :( 

With the box plot you can see that women are slightly better more accepted than men and nonbinary people, which is kinda interesting as I assumed it was the opposite based off of what I saw with how men have been out for much longer than women.

<p style="font-size: 12px; color: #888">You can enable/disable genders by clicking them on the bottom of the chart, making it easier to see the distributions of each gender separately</p>

<div class="chart-set">
  <input id="acceptance-came-out-a" class="vh" type="radio" name="acceptance-came-out" checked>
  <input id="acceptance-came-out-b" class="vh" type="radio" name="acceptance-came-out">
  
  <div class="chart-stack" style="min-height: 350px;">
    <div id="acceptance-came-out-column" class="chart-layer layer-a"></div>
    <div id="acceptance-came-out-box-plot" class="chart-layer layer-b no-yline"></div>
  </div>
  <script>
    createColumnChart("acceptance-came-out-column", "parents_acceptance_came_out_nocis.json", "Parental Acceptance", "When Coming Out", [], undefined, 350);
    createBoxPlot("acceptance-came-out-box-plot", "parental_acceptance_came_out_nocis_boxplot.json", "Parental Acceptance", "When Coming Out", false, 350);
  </script>
  <div class="toggle">
    <label for="acceptance-came-out-a" class="noselect">Column</label>
    <label for="acceptance-came-out-b" class="noselect">Box Plot</label>
  </div>
</div>

10 went up a lot here, which is really nice to see. It even beat out 0 as the most popular choice. If you separate the column chart by gender (clicking the legend to disable genders to show 1 at a time), you can see that for women 0 is still the most popular option. While if you look at only the men, 10 is absolutely by far the most picked option.

<div class="chart-set">
  <input id="acceptance-now-a" class="vh" type="radio" name="acceptance-now" checked>
  <input id="acceptance-now-b" class="vh" type="radio" name="acceptance-now">
  
  <div class="chart-stack" style="min-height: 350px;">
    <div id="acceptance-now-column" class="chart-layer layer-a"></div>
    <div id="acceptance-now-box-plot" class="chart-layer layer-b no-yline"></div>
  </div>
  <script>
    createColumnChart("acceptance-now-column", "parents_acceptance_now_nocis.json", "Parental Acceptance", "Now", [], undefined, 350);
    createBoxPlot("acceptance-now-box-plot", "parental_acceptance_now_nocis_boxplot.json", "Parental Acceptance", "Now", false, 350);
  </script>
  <div class="toggle">
    <label for="acceptance-now-a" class="noselect">Column</label>
    <label for="acceptance-now-b" class="noselect">Box Plot</label>
  </div>
</div>

This is probably the most "advanced" thing I've done with the data here (I'm not a statistics person), but I calculated (simple subtraction lol) each person's overall change in parental acceptance and then put it in a box plot centered around zero to show overall change. Trans men saw the most improvement in parental acceptance over time which is nice to see, but overall everyone's score generally went up (especially nonbinary people where no one's score dropped).

<div id="acceptance-change" class="no-yline"></div>
<script>
    createChangeBoxPlot("acceptance-change", "parental_acceptance_change_nocis_boxplot.json", "Parental Acceptance Change", undefined, false, 8, 250);
</script>

___
<div class="button-container">
  <a class="big-button" href="../">Previous Page</a>
  <a class="big-button" href="../3">Next Page</a>
</div>