---
description: Results of the 2025 4tran Survey (Page 3)
image: https://desiresaregrey.github.io/Website/assets/survey2025/thumb.png
---
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/apexcharts"></script>
<script src="../../4transurvey2025.js?8"></script>
<!-- js is gonna make me 41 :( -->

# The 2025 4tran Survey
<h6 style="margin: 0 0.2rem">Page 3</h6>

[Page 1](../) - [Page 2](../2) - [**Page 3**]() - [Page 4](../4) - [Amekyras](../amekyras) - [Jealous Cat](../jealouscat) - [Ratgirltwink](../ratgirltwink)

## Personality

### Incel/Femcel

This one surprised me. I knew that more men would be incels than women being femcels, but I didn't expect the difference to only be about 2 percent. What surprised me even more is that nonbinary incels would be the most common proportionally.

<div id="incel-chart"></div>
<script>
    createRatioBarChart("incel-chart", "incel_femcel_nocis.json", "Incel/Femcel", undefined, [], ["#7B61FF", "#00E0B8"], 225);
</script>

### T4T or T4C

T4T rates seems pretty even between men and women, with men preferring T4T a bit more than women. If you enable the `No preference` option, you can see that most trans men have no preference and are fine with either T4T or T4C while women tend to be very slightly more picky (only a 4% difference).

<div id="t4t-chart"></div>
<script>
    createRatioBarChart("t4t-chart", "t4t_nocis.json", "T4T or T4C", "Overall", [1], ["#7B61FF", "#3f51b5", "#00E0B8"], 225);
</script>

Interestingly, T4C is the most popular among gay men (but still remains under 50%). T4T stays the most popular

<div id="t4t-ftm-chart"></div>
<script>
    createRatioBarChart("t4t-ftm-chart", "t4t_ftm.json", "T4T or T4C", "FtM", [1], ["#008FFB", "#435259", "#1a4566"], 250);
</script>

The power of cis dick, 67% of straight women that have a preference prefer cis men.

</script>

<div id="t4t-mtf-chart"></div>
<script>
    createRatioBarChart("t4t-mtf-chart", "t4t_mtf.json", "T4T or T4C", "MtF", [1], ["#FF4560", "#4d4144", "#661a24"], 250);
</script>

### Diagnoses

Trans men are the most likely to be officially diagnosed out of the genders. More trans men with autism are officially diagnosed as well. Trans women are generally more autistic than trans men, but are more often self diagnosed than officially diagnosed.

<div id="autism-chart"></div>
<script>
    createRatioBarChart("autism-chart", "autism_flipped_nocis.json", "Autism", undefined, [], ["#7B61FF", "#5642bd", "#2E294E"], 225);
</script>

As expected, women have bpd more often than men. Nonbinary people share almost the same percentages as women interestingly enough. If you compare between only officially diagnosed and self diagnosed, trans men with bpd are (again) around 2x more likely to be officially diagnosed than trans women.

<div id="bpd-chart"></div>
<script>
    createRatioBarChart("bpd-chart", "bpd_flipped_nocis.json", "BPD", undefined, [], ["#7B61FF", "#5642bd", "#2E294E"], 225);
</script>

Seems that women are more mentally ill than men once again...

<div id="bdd-chart"></div>
<script>
    createRatioBarChart("bdd-chart", "bdd_flipped_nocis.json", "BDD", undefined, [], ["#7B61FF", "#5642bd", "#2E294E"], 225);
</script>

___

<div class="button-container">
  <a class="big-button" href="../2">Previous Page</a>
  <a class="big-button" href="../4">Next Page</a>
</div>