---
description: Results of the 2025 4tran Survey (Page 4)
image: https://desiresaregrey.github.io/Website/assets/survey2025/thumb.png
---
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/apexcharts"></script>
<script src="../../4transurvey2025.js?8"></script>
<!-- js is gonna make me 41 :( -->

# The 2025 4tran Survey
<h6 style="margin: 0 0.2rem">Page 4</h6>

[Page 1](../) - [Page 2](../2) - [Page 3](../3) - [**Page 4**]() - [Amekyras](../amekyras) - [Jealous Cat](../jealouscat) - [Ratgirltwink](../ratgirltwink)

## Miscellaneous

### AAP & AGP

I thought I'd add cis people back again for this. Being AAP as a man and AGP as a woman is trutrans imho.

I removed cis men and cis women from most of the other results since they were kinda useless. A lot of "cis men" were just trans women misgendering themselves, and a few "cis women" were just passoid/srs trans women; Its kinda hard to tell which cis men are actual cis men and which cis women are actual cis women so the results of these 2 groups were mostly unusable. I know there were a few cis women who were actual cis women but I couldn't go through the results one by one to verify the cisness of each person lol.

32% of men and 30% of women are AAP/AGP respectively. Nonbinary people are a mix of both but leaning more towards AGP. There are over twice as many AGP trans men than AAP trans women proportionally, which I thought was kinda funny.

<div id="axp-chart"></div>
<script>
    createRatioBarChart("axp-chart", "aap_agp.json", "AAP & AGP", undefined, [], ['#4baefa', '#ff667d', '#2E294E']);
</script>

### Good Parent

Trans women really want to be mothers.

<div id="goodparent-chart"></div>
<script>
    createRatioBarChart("goodparent-chart", "good_parent_nocis.json", "Good Parent", undefined, [], ["#7B61FF", "#5642bd", "#2E294E"], 225);
</script>


### Mom w/ PCOS

I dont really remember why I added this question to the survey, I think someone asked me to. I'm not sure if theres anything statistically significant here except maybe the nonbinary people being noticbly lower than the binary trans people when it comes to mothers with PCOS. I hope whoever asked me to ask this question is satisfied with the results lol.

<div id="mompcos-chart"></div>
<script>
    createRatioBarChart("mompcos-chart", "mom_pcos_nocis.json", "Mom w/ PCOS", undefined, [], ["#7B61FF", "#00E0B8"], 225);
</script>

### Energy Drink Craving

This whole time I thought energy drinks was a trans woman thing, meanwhile trans women are actually the *least* likely to crave energy drinks while trans men are the most likely to crave them.

<div id="drink-chart"></div>
<script>
    createRatioBarChart("drink-chart", "energy_drinks_nocis.json", "Energy Drink Craving", undefined, [], ["#7B61FF", "#00E0B8"], 225);
</script>

### Gaming

Honestly I expected a bit more of a difference here, I would've thought that trans women would game more often but maybe the stereotypes in my brain are kinda dumb.

<div id="gamingfreq-chart"></div>
<script>
    createRatioBarChart("gamingfreq-chart", "gaming_frequency_nocis.json", "Gaming Frequency", undefined, [], ["#A300D6", "#8210e6", "#5653FE", "#2E294E", "#333f44"], 225);
</script>

This is also fairly even. I didn't really expect this either. The biggest differences I noticed is that trans men prefer puzzle games a bit more. Nonbinary people are not as much a fan of simulation games while they prefer sandbox games the most.

Honestly I expected gaming to be a lot more different between the genders...

<div id="gaming-genres-chart"></div>
<script>
    createRatioBarChart("gaming-genres-chart", "gaming_genres_nocis.json", "Gaming Genres", undefined, [], ["#008FFB", "#00E396", "#FEB019", "#FF4560", "#775DD0", "#D7263D", "#1B998B", "#FEB019", "#F46036", "#2E294E"], 225);
</script>

___

## NSFW

<h3>Self Pleasuring Per Week</h3>

Men are the more horny (who woulda thought). When I posted the survey, I actually got a ton of people telling me how they couldn't believe that I capped the max times per week at 25, I was actually getting pretty worried that the count for 25 was gonna be insanely high, screwing over the look of the graph, yet there were only 9 people who picked 25...

<div class="chart-set">
  <input id="self-pleasure-a" class="vh" type="radio" name="self-pleasure">
  <input id="self-pleasure-b" class="vh" type="radio" name="self-pleasure" checked>
  
  <div class="chart-stack" style="min-height: 350px;">
    <div id="self-pleasure-column" class="chart-layer layer-a"></div>
    <div id="self-pleasure-box-plot" class="chart-layer layer-b"></div>
  </div>
  <script>
    createColumnChart("self-pleasure-column", "nsfw_self_pleasure.json", "Self Pleasuring Per Week", "Column", [3, 4], undefined, 350);
    createBoxPlot("self-pleasure-box-plot", "nsfw_self_pleasure_nocis_boxplot.json", "Self Pleasuring Per Week", "Box Plot", false, 350);
  </script>
  <div class="toggle">
    <label for="self-pleasure-a" class="noselect">Column</label>
    <label for="self-pleasure-b" class="noselect">Box Plot</label>
  </div>
</div>

<h3>Preferred Role and Position</h3>

Between the 3 genders, men are the most dominant (unsurprisingly), though the majority of men are still switches leaving only about 12% submissives. Women are submissive unsurprisingly, and nonbinary being are more of a mixed bag though still leaning submissive.

<div id="sexual-role-chart"></div>
<script>
    createRatioBarChart("sexual-role-chart", "nsfw_sexual_role_nocis.json", "Preferred Role", "Overall", [], ["#7B61FF", "#5642bd", "#2E294E"], 225);
</script>

I expected the results for position vs role to be fairly similar, however theres actually a bunch more tops compared to doms espectially with men. There are overall less vers's than switches though which I found interesting.

<div id="sexual-pos-chart"></div>
<script>
    createRatioBarChart("sexual-pos-chart", "nsfw_sexual_position_nocis.json", "Preferred Position", "Overall", [], ["#7B61FF", "#5642bd", "#2E294E"], 225);
</script>

Further breaking this up by sexuality is where it gets a lot more interesting in my opinion. Both straight and bi men are equally submissive (10%), but straight men are much more likely to be a dom over a switch compared to bi men. Gay men are the least dominant and the most submissive of the 3, where submissives are 2.5x more common and doms being 3x less common when compared to straight men.

<div id="sexual-role-ftm-chart"></div>
<script>
    createRatioBarChart("sexual-role-ftm-chart", "nsfw_sexual_role_ftm.json", "Preferred Role", "FtM", [], ["#008FFB", "#15598c", "#1b3b4d"], 250);
</script>

This is probably the most extreme change where despite dominant straight men being about 60%, they are about 86% tops with only 2% being bottoms. Bi and straight men are both more likely to be tops, however gay men are actually 1.5x more likely to be a bottom than a sub. I should've asked if bottoming for trans men (and topping for trans women) meant natal PIV because that is something I was curious about.

<div id="sexual-pos-ftm-chart"></div>
<script>
    createRatioBarChart("sexual-pos-ftm-chart", "nsfw_sexual_position_ftm.json", "Preferred Position", "FtM", [], ["#008FFB", "#15598c", "#1b3b4d"], 250);
</script>

Women's preferred role is a lot less spread out with the majority of each sexuality being submissive. Shout out to that one singular dominant straight trans woman.

<div id="sexual-role-mtf-chart"></div>
<script>
    createRatioBarChart("sexual-role-mtf-chart", "nsfw_sexual_role_mtf.json", "Preferred Role", "MtF", [], ["#FF4560", "#801927", "#4d1f2a"], 250);
</script>

Straight women are even more often bottoms than submissives, which mirrors straight men who are more often tops than doms. However, the number of top straight women also went slightly up (from 1 to 3) compared to straight men who became less likely to bottom than sub. The number of women who top also went up for bi and lesbian women. The proportion of switches also dropped when compared to vers, which also happened with the men

<div id="sexual-pos-mtf-chart"></div>
<script>
    createRatioBarChart("sexual-pos-mtf-chart", "nsfw_sexual_position_mtf.json", "Preferred Position", "MtF", [], ["#FF4560", "#801927", "#4d1f2a"], 250);
</script>

<h3>T4T vs T4C</h3>

I wanted to subdivide this even more, so I divided everything by T4T vs T4C (I may sound judgemental here). There simply were not enough asexual people when subdivided this much for me to continue including them in this section.

It seems T4T men are less switchy, but that could be due to the fact that there there are so few data points for T4C trans men (there are only 10 T4C straight trans men for example).

<div class="chart-set">
  <input id="sexual-role-ftm-a" class="vh" type="radio" name="view-sexual-role-ftm" checked>
  <input id="sexual-role-ftm-b" class="vh" type="radio" name="view-sexual-role-ftm">
  
  <div class="chart-stack" style="min-height: 225px;">
    <div id="sexual-role-ftm-t4t" class="chart-layer layer-a"></div>
    <div id="sexual-role-ftm-t4c" class="chart-layer layer-b"></div>
  </div>
  <script>
    createRatioBarChart("sexual-role-ftm-t4t", "nsfw_sexual_role_ftm_t4t.json", "Preferred Role", "FtM - T4T", [], ["#008FFB", "#15598c", "#1b3b4d"], 225);
    createRatioBarChart("sexual-role-ftm-t4c", "nsfw_sexual_role_ftm_t4c.json", "Preferred Role", "FtM - T4C", [], ["#008FFB", "#15598c", "#1b3b4d"], 225);
  </script>
  <div class="toggle">
    <label for="sexual-role-ftm-a" class="noselect">T4T</label>
    <label for="sexual-role-ftm-b" class="noselect">T4C</label>
  </div>
</div>

The opposite effect is visible here where the T4C men are more likely to be exclusive tops compared to T4T men, except when it comes to gay men. T4T gay men overwhelmingly prefer to top while T4C gay men are more likely to be bottom or vers. On the previous page we also saw that the FtM sexuality that is most likely to be T4C are gay men, so my hypothesis is that gay trans men generally prefer PIV. 

This could be wrong though, I wish I had asked a question specifically about PIV w/ natal genitalia to have concrete data rather than trying to infer it based on preferred position.

<div class="chart-set">
  <input id="sexual-pos-ftm-a" class="vh" type="radio" name="view-sexual-pos-ftm" checked>
  <input id="sexual-pos-ftm-b" class="vh" type="radio" name="view-sexual-pos-ftm">
  
  <div class="chart-stack" style="min-height: 225px;">
    <div id="sexual-pos-ftm-t4t" class="chart-layer layer-a"></div>
    <div id="sexual-pos-ftm-t4c" class="chart-layer layer-b"></div>
  </div>
  <script>
    createRatioBarChart("sexual-pos-ftm-t4t", "nsfw_sexual_position_ftm_t4t.json", "Preferred Position", "FtM - T4T", [], ["#008FFB", "#15598c", "#1b3b4d"], 225);
    createRatioBarChart("sexual-pos-ftm-t4c", "nsfw_sexual_position_ftm_t4c.json", "Preferred Position", "FtM - T4C", [], ["#008FFB", "#15598c", "#1b3b4d"], 225);
  </script>
  <div class="toggle">
    <label for="sexual-pos-ftm-a" class="noselect">T4T</label>
    <label for="sexual-pos-ftm-b" class="noselect">T4C</label>
  </div>
</div>

It seems the only dominant straight women are T4T, and submissiveness for both straight and bi women increased with T4C compared to T4T. Lesbian women are a different story however, with T4C lesbians being much more dominant than T4T lesbians; the majority (63%) of T4T lesbians were submissive however with T4C that dropped significantly (38%), while dominance almost tripled.

<div class="chart-set">
  <input id="sexual-role-mtf-a" class="vh" type="radio" name="view-sexual-role-mtf" checked>
  <input id="sexual-role-mtf-b" class="vh" type="radio" name="view-sexual-role-mtf">
  
  <div class="chart-stack" style="min-height: 225px;">
    <div id="sexual-role-mtf-t4t" class="chart-layer layer-a"></div>
    <div id="sexual-role-mtf-t4c" class="chart-layer layer-b"></div>
  </div>
  <script>
    createRatioBarChart("sexual-role-mtf-t4t", "nsfw_sexual_role_mtf_t4t.json", "Preferred Role", "MtF - T4T", [], ["#FF4560", "#801927", "#4d1f2a"], 225);
    createRatioBarChart("sexual-role-mtf-t4c", "nsfw_sexual_role_mtf_t4c.json", "Preferred Role", "MtF - T4C", [], ["#FF4560", "#801927", "#4d1f2a"], 225);
  </script>
  <div class="toggle">
    <label for="sexual-role-mtf-a" class="noselect">T4T</label>
    <label for="sexual-role-mtf-b" class="noselect">T4C</label>
  </div>
</div>
</div>

Its the women's turn to be judged. The only straight women who top are T4T. The amount of straight and bi tops and vers's are lower with T4C than it is for T4T. The opposite is noticed with T4C lesbians where T4C lesbians are more likely to be a top than a T4T lesbian. My hypothesis here is similar with the one I made with trans men, trans women like PIV. However, when looking back at the last page, lesbians are much more likely to be T4T than T4C while with gay men its about 50:50.

<div class="chart-set">
  <input id="sexual-pos-mtf-a" class="vh" type="radio" name="view-sexual-pos-mtf" checked>
  <input id="sexual-pos-mtf-b" class="vh" type="radio" name="view-sexual-pos-mtf">
  
  <div class="chart-stack" style="min-height: 225px;">
    <div id="sexual-pos-mtf-t4t" class="chart-layer layer-a"></div>
    <div id="sexual-pos-mtf-t4c" class="chart-layer layer-b"></div>
  </div>
  <script>
    createRatioBarChart("sexual-pos-mtf-t4t", "nsfw_sexual_position_mtf_t4t.json", "Preferred Position", "MtF - T4T", [], ["#FF4560", "#801927", "#4d1f2a"], 225);
    createRatioBarChart("sexual-pos-mtf-t4c", "nsfw_sexual_position_mtf_t4c.json", "Preferred Position", "MtF - T4C", [], ["#FF4560", "#801927", "#4d1f2a"], 225);
  </script>
  <div class="toggle">
    <label for="sexual-pos-mtf-a" class="noselect">T4T</label>
    <label for="sexual-pos-mtf-b" class="noselect">T4C</label>
  </div>
</div>

___

## Conclusion

This whole survey has been crazy, I never expected to get nearly as many responses as I did. I'm glad I went with a website with interactive charts over another google doc like last time too cause this is nice.

I do wish I asked more questions though. Some of the stuff I wish I asked are:

- Passing level as a simple 0-10 scale instead of different passing levels using words like passoid/hon
- Many more mental/physical illnesses than just autism/bpd/bdd
- If the user preferred PIV (with natal genitals)
- Like 5 other questions I can't remember off the top of my head right now

I was thinking of maybe doing a part 2 of the 2025 survey to answer some of the questions that I missed here, so if you have any you want me to ask on a possible part 2 please tell me!

I'm not a statistician, like as you can see with the design of the site and the relatively basic analyses I'm more of a computer person than a math person. I gave 4 trusted people (who actually know how to do way more advanced stuff with this data than me) access to the full data, and next up are some of the cool trends/etc they've noticed!

___

<div class="button-container">
  <a class="big-button" href="../3">Previous Page</a>
  <a class="big-button" href="../amekyras">Next Page</a>
</div>